
Co-Chairmen

David Siegel and John Overdeck are recognized pioneers in the fields of technology
and investment management. They have more than 40 years of experience i
n the development of computer-driven, model-based trading systems.
Together, David and John run the company.  They work together to drive the mission 
and strategy for Two Sigma, nurture talent and shape the company’s unique culture.
David Siegel, Co-Chairman

Prior to co-founding Two Sigma, David was Chief Technology Officer
and Managing Director at Tudor Investment Corporation.
After earning his doctorate, David joined D. E. Shaw & Co.
and rose to become the company's first chief information officer.
While at D. E. Shaw & Co., he founded and served as president of FarSight 
Financial Services, the world's first integrated personal financial services 
website, which was acquired by Merrill Lynch.
A graduate of Princeton University, David received a PhD in computer
science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he studied at
its Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. 
David has had a lifelong interest in building intelligent computational
systems and continues to actively pursue this mission at Two Sigma today.

He currently sits on the Board of Directors of the Hamilton Insurance Group, 
the Scratch Foundation, NYC FIRST and NAF. In addition, David is a trustee of
Carnegie Hall, an Executive Advisory Committee Member of the NSF/MIT Center for Brains, Minds & Machines and an advisory board member of Stanford’s Center on Philanthropy and Civil Society.

David is also a member of the Cornell Tech Board of Overseers and a member of
the Corporation Visiting Committee for the MIT Media Laboratory.
John Overdeck, Co-Chairman

John began his career at D.E. Shaw & Co, where he rose to Managing Director.
While at D. E. Shaw, he directed the firm’s Japanese equity and equity-linked 
investments and supervised the firm’s London investment management affiliate. 
Following D.E. Shaw and before starting Two Sigma, John spent two years at Amazon.com,
first serving as Vice President and technical assistant to Amazon.com founder
Jeff Bezos. He went on to lead customer relationship management at Amazon.com,
directing Amazon’s renowned personalization, community, and targeted marketing features and technology.  He also led critical efforts to make Amazon’s customer technology more scalable.

A lifelong math enthusiast, John won a silver medal for the United States
in the 27th International Mathematics Olympiad. He earned a B.S. in Mathematics
(with distinction) and a M.S. in Statistics from Stanford University.
John currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Hamilton Insurance Group.
In addition to his family’s charitable activities, John also serves on the 
boards of the Robin Hood Foundation, the Institute for Advanced Study and is
the Vice Chair of the National Museum of Mathematics. 
Founders



Two Sigma Investments was founded in 2001 by David Siegel, John Overdeck and
Mark Pickard. They shared the belief that innovative technology and data science
could help discover value in the world's data to consistently deliver value for clients.


It is this belief that drives Two Sigma's ongoing development of new 
technologies that synthesize and integrate vast amounts of data, 
yielding results that seek to drive smarter investing and more consistent returns.

